The Protected area authorities
have a question for you to share
the data as a shapefile and as a
table.
In this video we'll go over how
to export as a shapefile.
We'll be using the exported
layer for just the Ziama
sightings as Ziama Protected
area will only be interested in
these sightings.
And this is going to be a very
similar process to what we've
just done.
So we'll right click on this
layer, we'll go down to the data
section here and click export
features which will bring this
up.
So our input features are our
Ziama sightings and now we just
need to choose where to save it
to.
So we'll go into here and we're
going to create a new folder to
save it into so that we can send
this folder with the data to
Ziama protected area.
So go into your Hippogriffs
folder for this project and in
the Hippogriffs project folder,
I'm going to right click add a
new folder, I'm going to name
this Ziama PA click in here and
now we can name the shapefile
that we're going to create.
So let's make it nice and clear
what it is.
We'll call it Hippogriff
sightings Ziama and hit save.
And now to save as a shapefile,
we need to make sure that at the
end of the file name it says
dot.
It has the suffix dot SHP.
This will save it as a
shapefile.
So let's hit OK, and this is
going to export our layer so we
can see it's come up in our
contents.
But it would have also exported
the layer to the folder that we
created and so that's how to
export as a shapefile in ArcPro.
So now do the same process but
for Wonegizi and Wologizi.
Create separate folders for the
two protected areas and then
save the associated shapefile
for that protected area within
that folder.